NAS-100021: Add one-time replication example (#1174)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

replication task.

> .. _One-time Replication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _One-Time Replication:
```

> One-time Replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One-Time Replication
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

One-time replications copy manually created snapshots of a dataset to
another target dataset. This kind of replication is compatible with any
replication :guilabel:`Transport` method. To configure a one-time
replication, go to
:menuselection:`Storage --> Replication Tasks`
and click :guilabel:`Add Replication`.

Enter a descriptive :guilabel:`Name`, choose the :guilabel:`Direction`,

> and configure any :guilabel:`Transport` settings.

Reviewer: "any" is confusing here.  "any desired" is clearer.

> Enter the :guilabel:`Source Datasets` that have snapshots to be copied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the :guilabel:`Source Datasets` with snapshots to be copied
```

to the target.

> Enter the :guilabel:`Target Dataset` that will store the replicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the :guilabel:`Target Dataset` where replicated snapshots will be stored
```

> snapshots and decide if child dataset snapshots should also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and decide whether child dataset snapshots should also be
```

replicated.

Do not select a periodic snapshot task for one-time replications. Enter

> a :guilabel:`Also include naming schema` to rename replicated snapshots

Reviewer: "Enter a"?  Is the "a" extra here?

This is also confusing.  Tell what the naming schema is (bad name, maybe we should just call it a naming format?) and then say it can be used to rename snapshots, with this example doing it based on replication time. (replication time, or snapshot time?)
"The naming schema can be used to rename replicated snapshots

according to the replication time. This requires including the *%Y*,
*%m*, *%d*, *%H*, and *%M* strings. This prevents replication errors

> from duplicate snapshot names from occurring.

Reviewer: Not clear.  "Renaming replicated snapshots helps to avoid having multiple snapshots with the same name, (causing what? replication to fail?)"

replication task.

.. _One-Time Replication:

One-Time Replication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> One-time replications copy manually created snapshots of a dataset to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One-time replications copy manually-created snapshots of a dataset to
```

another target dataset. This kind of replication is compatible with any
replication :guilabel:`Transport` method. To configure a one-time
replication, go to
:menuselection:`Storage --> Replication Tasks`
and click :guilabel:`Add Replication`.

Enter a descriptive :guilabel:`Name`, choose the :guilabel:`Direction`,
and configure any desired :guilabel:`Transport` settings.

Enter the :guilabel:`Source Datasets` with snapshots to be copied to the
target.

Enter the :guilabel:`Target Dataset` where replicated snapshots will be
stored and decide whether child dataset snapshots should also be
replicated.

Do not select a periodic snapshot task for one-time replications. To
replicate a single snapshot, enter the name of the snapshot in
:guilabel:`Also include naming schema`. Replace the year, month, day,

> hour, and minute values with *%Y*, *%m*, *%d*, *%H*, and *%M* strings.

Reviewer: These should use :literal: tags, since they are literal values.

This seems really confusing for the user, though.  They have to enter a pattern match to duplicate a single snapshot?

Author: That does appear to be the current behavior.
